Note about upgrading to CatalogSource from OperatorSource (#139)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/assemblies/assembly_installing-the-core-components-of-stf.adoc

ifeval::["{build}" == "downstream"]
[IMPORTANT]

> {OpenShift} version 4.5 is currently required for a successful installation of {ProjectShort}. Installations of {ProjectShort} 1.0 that use an `OperatorSource` must be migrated to `CatalogSource` to upgrade to later versions of {ProjectShort}. For more information about migrating, see https://access.redhat.com/articles/5477371.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{OpenShift} version 4.5 is currently required for a successful installation of {ProjectShort}. To upgrade to later versions of {ProjectShort}, you must migrate installations of {ProjectShort} 1.0 that use an `OperatorSource` to `CatalogSource` . For more information about migrating, see https://access.redhat.com/articles/5477371[Migrating Service Telemetry Framework v1.0 from OperatorSource to CatalogSource].
```
